Dad, what's the matter?
What's up?
Our largest special project in Shaanxi
It was cancelled urgently.
Then hit
Ah Zhang Family Master
Don't scare yourself
Maybe there is something wrong with the project.
Just a word from this hairy boy
How can you possibly cancel your project?
Yes!
If there is a problem, it will be a problem for the three of us together.
How can it be just your family?
Hello, all the sea bridges have been cancelled.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Divestment is not Mr. Wang
The project is halfway through
Why did you suddenly withdraw your investment?
Hello mom
What the hell is going on?
i
It won't really cancel the cooperation, will it?
How is that possible?
Isn't he just pretending?
You shut up
Request the army
I was wrong, I didn't know Tarzan.
You can't do this
In that case
My Xuanjia will lose half of its property.
It's me who offended you when I was blind
But my Lee family went up and down for this project
I put too much effort into it.
It's a heavy loss for you to cancel now.
The curtains were stolen
Go down, my lord
What else do you mean?
I just bumped into you
I will save him
Save him just so you can look at him
3 Everyone
Did I just give you a chance?
It's a pity that you don't know how to cherish
Make amends
late